I love it I love it it's 839 right now I
speaking about eating if you're looking
to taste something different no
buttercream here for breakfast or lunch
a little syrup maybe maybe some sambal I
think today why not try some free
Malaysian food some of the best
restaurants around will be serving up
exotic dishes from a food truck along
Bryant Park and the best part is it's
free right Lise that's right that is the
keyword free and you see the truck right
here they're going to give away some
samples right behind me we're on 40th
and Bryant Park and right now it's from
7:00 to 9:00 and then later on we have
lunch from 11:00 to 3:00 so free samples
all day we're spreading the word about
Malaysian food and here to tell us
what's on the menu for lunch oh thanks
for coming out hi thanks for having me
fatty crab everybody loves it thank you
so what do you have on the menu for
lunch today today we're serving nasi
lemak which is a traditional lunch and
breakfast item actually it's a snack
team throughout the day it's coconut
rice rice cooked in coconut milk with
pickled cucumber hard-boiled egg sambal
ikan bilis they call ikan bilis they're
these little tiny fish they're dried
anchovies that are then salted and we
deep-fry them till they're nice and
crispy like the potato chip of the sea
then along with along with the nasi
lemak we're serving the car ekari ayam
and which is chicken curry typically
nasi lemak the coconut rice is eaten
with some sort of protein that's cooked
in a curry broth so we figured that the
two can be eaten independent of each
other or together if you like so it
sounds like an explosion of taste goes
quickly about the some of the spices
that go into these dishes Malaysian
cuisine there's no specific Malaysian
cuisine it's and it's a blend of so many
different influences from China and
India and and traditionally Malaysia and
acted as what major entrepot for spice
trading Arabs and Europeans everybody
came to Malaysia to find spices so you
have fresh turmeric here today okay
and we have lemongrass this is an
incredibly sort of musky leaf it's
called pandan leaf you smell that oh
yeah there's a real real must be scent
we have star anise and cinnamon here's
some more of those dried anchovies that
I mentioned crispy potato this is this
is watch on which is the sort of one of
the most important ingredients in many
curries in Malaysia it's a salted shrimp
paste okay which is really wild check it
out for yourself log onto our website
wpx dot-com to find out where the food
truck is hitting you next for free
samples around this month and next month
they're hitting Queen so stick around
for the head with a few later bring us
back some good stuff there thank you
Lisa
it looks like it's done raining - look
the sun's coming out I like that